def wrong_input():
	print("Um, that wasn't an option....")

print()
print("What is your name?")

	# store input in 'name'

name = input("> ")

	# use input in a print statement

def game():

	print("Congratulations, %s! You’ve just been assigned the new role of Open Educational Resources Librarian, a position you share with other duties at your library, which is at a small liberal arts university. One of your first projects involves working with a new faculty member who is an eager supporter of open practices. Hooray! In fact, they have already developed content for an extensive OER project, and get in touch with you to get a few questions answered. You learn that their OER, which they plan to publish on their departmental website, has multiple YouTube videos embedded, but the videos aren’t in an accessible format. The videos don’t include transcription, and it doesn’t appear that you can access to the raw video file. You have a choice to make, "% (name))
	print("1. Contact technical services staff in the library, as well as colleagues on campus who work with accessible technologies, to learn about tools and methods for making the videos more accessible.")
	print("2. Get overwhelmed thinking about the technical issues, and let the faculty know you’re not sure how to help them.")

	tree = input("> ")

	if tree == "1":
		print("Great job! The faculty member has what they need to get the video transcribed, and has guidance on making their OER (and future course materials) accessible.")
		print("\n")
		print("A few weeks later, you’re invited to speak at a the Student Government Association Spring meeting, to talk about textbook affordability and how the libraries can help. The students are well aware of the issue, and eager to get their instructors on board with open textbook adoption, to keep their course costs affordable.  After a brief presentation, what do you do?")
		print("1. Invite two leaders from the SGA to serve on the library’s Open Education Task Force.")
		print("2. Engage the students in a conversation about ways in which you can work together to raise awareness about textbook costs on campus.")

		squirrel = input(">")

		if squirrel == "1":
			print("Great idea!")
			print("The SGA representatives become a crucial voice on the group, and help steer an textbook affordability advocacy campaign as a major project for the next year.")
		elif squirrel == "2":
			print("The conversation pays off, as it leads to a plan for collaboration for the next school year, including a social media #textbookbroke campaign, and a project in which the SGA funds awards to recognize instructors who use open resources in their classes.")
		else:
			wrong_input()

	if tree == "2":
		print("Fortunately, after thinking it through, you realize you should reach out to others who can help.")
		print("You end up connecting the faculty member with staff in instructional design and  accessible technologies, so that they can improve the OER’s accessibility.")
		print ("At a campus event you run into an assistant professor in a department you worked with a few years ago.  She has heard about your library’s efforts to encourage open educational practices and resource adoption.")
		print ("During the conversation, she expresses interest in authoring an open resource for a course that she is teaching, but also concern about how it might affect her tenure review in two years. In particular, she is worried about people outside the institution adapting her work in a way that gets the information wrong, discrediting her name.")
		print ("How do you respond?")
		print("1. let her know you understand her concerns, and mention that even if something is published with standard copyright protections, that work *could* be taken out of context or quoted inaccurately.  You also let her know you’d be happy to meet with her and talk with her about her options for authoring, and licensing the work.")
		print("2. feel flustered and quickly change the conversation, then back slowly away towards the snack table to get a refill of cheese and crackers….")

		limb = input(">")

		if limb == "1":
			print("She takes you up on the offer, and you make a plan to talk again over coffee in a few weeks.")
			print("Great job!")
		elif limb == "2":
			print("Interesting choice!")
			print("Perhaps the extra cheese and crackers will fuel the follow-up email you’ll send to the faculty member.")
		else:
			wrong_input()

	print("Good news, %s! The Dean of Libraries has secured internal grant funding to offer stipends to faculty for creating OERs. You assemble a team made up of library and campus support services, to help gather and review faculty proposals. There are differences of opinion about how award winners should be judged. You:" % (name))
	print("1. Decide to develop a rubric, based on the cost savings impact for students, frequency of course offerings, and distribution of subject area.")
	print("2. Deliberate over hundreds of coffee-fueled meetings, through lengthy disagreements and head scratching.")

	activity = input("> ")

	if activity == "1":
		print("Ah, the decision making process is much easier!")
		print("The team is able to quickly determine the faculty members who are most deserving of the grant awards.")
		print("A few months later, you decide to create a survey to distribute to faculty on campus, to find out more about their attitudes towards OER adoption and creation.")
		print("Your survey generates interesting insights into the faculty mindset regarding OERs. Through this survey, you learn that a few departments stand out as having faculty eager to learn more about open textbook adoption and publishing. What should you do?")
		print("1. Use the data to start a conversation with the faculty who expressed interest about ways in which the library could support them.")
		print("2. Add the data to an annual report that gets read by a small group of administrators, then buried at the bottom of a file cabinet.")

		swim = input(">")

		if swim == "1":
			print("Great work!")
			print("Your conversations pay off and you now have a small cohort of instructors who are working towards open textbook adoption.")
		elif swim == "2":
			print("Fortunately, you remember to dig up that annual report and survey data and use it to generate a conversation with librarian colleagues about next steps in getting the faculty involved.")
		else:
			wrong_input()


	if activity == "2":
		print("A decision is reached, but now you and everyone on the team needs a vacation....")
		print("Where should the team go?")
		print("1. Niagara Falls")
		print("2. Hawaii")

		shoes = input(">")

		if shoes == "1":
			print("Good choice! Enjoy OpenEd18!")
		elif shoes == "2":
			print("Good choice! Enjoy the beach!")
		else:
			wrong_input()
while True:
	game()

